File: /content/unzipped_files/Board/Constitutions/Salsa at Cal Constitution F20.docx
Timestamp: 2025-08-17 01:07:06.527193
--------------------
Salsa at Cal
Prepared on 12/02/2010.  
Amended on 08/18/14, 07/22/15, 02/3/19, 6/11/19, 9/11/20
Date Approved (LEAD Center staff):
Approved by (LEAD Center staff):

ARTICLE I : Title
This organization is called Salsa at Cal.
ARTICLE II : Purpose
Salsa at Cal will promote salsa and other latin dances by organizing and hosting classes and dance events.
ARTICLE III : Membership
All currently registered UC Berkeley students may be “active members” of the club. Faculty, staff, alumni and off-campus participants may take part in club activities as “non-active” members. Only currently registered students, faculty, and staff may be active members in a registered student organization. Only active members may vote or hold office. We will not haze according to California State Law. We will not restrict membership based upon race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, pregnancy (including pregnancy, childbirth, and medical conditions related to pregnancy or childbirth), physical or mental disability, medical condition (cancer related or genetic characteristics), ancestry, marital status, age, sexual orientation, citizenship, or service in the uniformed services (including membership, application for membership, performance of service, application for service, or obligation for service in the uniformed services).
ARTICLE IV : Structure
This organization will be arranged into three branches under an Executive Committee. The President and Vice-President will lead the Executive Committee, which will include the Director of Operations, Director of Marketing, and Director of Logistics. Active Board Members will be organized in three committees: Operations, Marketing, and Logistics. Registered UC Berkeley students may join the club as General Members. To be eligible for a Board Membership, one must have prior experience as a General Member.
ARTICLE V : Officers
The board will be organized into two tiers: Executive Committee and Active Board Members.  Executive board personnel includes the following positions: President, Vice-President, Director of Operations, Director of Marketing, and Director of Logistics.  Active board personnel includes the following: DeCal Director, Open Practica/Members Director, Music and Equipment Manager, Publicity Chair (Social Media), Publicity Chair (Photos and Videos), Fundraising Chair, Sales and Merchandise Chair, Finance Chair, Internal Affairs Officer, External Affairs Officer, Events Planner, and Secretary
Roles, separated into their branch as follows: 
Section 1: Executive Committee
President: Calls meetings and sets agenda, is the primary signatory, is the primary contact and spokesperson of the club, and performs whatever duties are not delegated to others. Manages the running of the club and the Board. Promptly handles and responds to club emails, as well as moderates and administers the “listserv”. Should become a ASUC agent.
Vice President: Acts as President in his or her absence and performs other incidental tasks that may need to be done. Is in charge of class-related communication and paperwork. In charge of all our equipment (e.g. speakers, lights, etc.) In charge of recruitment and retention of active and board members. Also maintains organization of the club’s documents. Should become a signatory.
Director of Operations: In charge of running the Operations branch and reports to the President(s) and Vice-President(s).
Director of Marketing: In charge of running the Marketing branch and reports to the President(s) and Vice-President(s).
Director of Logistics: In charge of running the Logistics branch and reports to the President(s) and Vice-President(s).

Section 2: Active Board Members
Subsection a: Operations
Decal Director: In charge of running and facilitating the Salsa DeCal. Coordinates with the DeCal advisor, takes attendance, schedules teachers
Open Practica/Members Director: In charge of running and facilitating weekly Open Practicas, scheduling teachers, and communicating with general members.
Music and Equipment Manager: In charge of maintaining and cleaning equipment, cataloguing music and dance choreography

Subsection b: Marketing
Publicity Chair (Social Media): In charge of publicizing for the club and its events on social media
Publicity Chair (Photos and Videos): In charge of keeping photo and video records of events and classes
Fundraising Chair: In charge of fundraising extra funds and organizing said fundraisers
Sales and Merchandise Chair: In charge of designing and selling club merchandise

Subsection c: Logistics
Finance Chair: In charge of handling the finances of the club, issuing reimbursements, and keeping record of ticket sales
Internal Affairs Officer: In charge of communicating with UC Berkeley for room reservations and collaborations with other organizations
External Affairs Officer: In charge of communicating with outside organizations for collaborations
Events Planner: In charge of planning social dance events and club retreats
Secretary: In charge of taking minutes during meetings, organizing emails, and communicating between board and general members
ARTICLE VI : Elections
When vacancies arise in the board, (previous board members will recommend new members to become officers) new officers will be selected through an application and interview process by the existing officers. Members will be invited to submit a written application for the position, which the existing officers will review as a group. They will then offer interviews to the applicants of their choice and select a new officer from them. 

Unless circumstances are extenuating, new officer selection will be done at the end of each semester. An officer may be removed from office by a two-thirds majority vote of the executive committee, or by a two-thirds majority vote of the active members. Members must be notified at least two weeks in advance of such a vote.
ARTICLE VII : Meetings
The board members and any active members who wish to attend will meet weekly to plan events and discuss club issues. The President will call the meetings. The qourum (i.e. the minimum number of members present such that the proceedings at that meeting are valid) is three. Meeting times will be decided by consensus among the officers and/or active members, and members will be notified via email of the time and location of each meeting. There will not be a call for special emergency meetings. 
ARTICLE VIII : Constitutional Amendments
A constitutional amendment may be proposed by any active member and should be presented at a meeting in writing. If a member wishes to propose an amendment at a meeting, he or she should notify the officers, who will then notify the members via email. Members must be notified of a vote on an amendment at least two weeks before the vote is to be held. An amendment, addition, or deletion requires a two-thirds majority vote by the active members in order to pass. All amendments, additions or deletions to this document must be filed with the LEAD Center in 102 Hearst Gym.
ARTICLE IX : Dissolution
A two-thirds majority of the active members may vote to dissolve the group. Members must be notified via email at least two weeks before such a vote is held.

If the group is dissolved, all unspent ASUC funds shall remain the property of the ASUC; all Graduate Assembly funds shall remain the property of the Graduate Assembly. After 5 or more years of inactivity, any privately obtained funds left in accounts will be donated to the ASUC carry forward account.

====================

File: /content/unzipped_files/Past Semesters/Fall 2018/DeCal Fall _18/Final/Final Intermediate Pairings F18.docx
Timestamp: 2025-08-17 01:07:06.527193
--------------------
Final Pairings


All Intermediate Students

====================

File: /content/unzipped_files/Board/Constitutions/Salsa At Cal Plan.docx
Timestamp: 2025-08-17 01:07:06.530193
--------------------
Salsa At Cal

Purpose

The purpose of this document is to restructure the positions and operations of UC Berkeley Salsa At Cal club in order to accommodate and include more members in the club.

How
The idea is to first restructure the position in the club in such a way that makes the operations of the club flow smoothly and assigns accountability to each member. Once the main idea of the structure is decided. We can utilize the help of all current board members to help draft a description of the positions and main duties for each position. 

Structure

Main Board Members
Secondary Members
Assistants
Club Members

Club Main Operations
Decal
Open Practica
Events
School events (Free)
Outside events (Paid)
Performance Teams
Latin Fusion
Rueda
Private Classes

Club Main Logistics
Finance
Knowledge on how to manage the money for the club. In other words, have a good idea where to deposit all the money we get and how we are allowed to spend it.
Publicity
Instagram
Facebook
Flyers
Logos
Tabling
Internal Affairs
Book rooms and spaces within the school for all events
Fundraising
Organize events that brings funds to the club.
Contact companies to donate products that we can sell 
Ask the community for donations for our club.
E.g. we want to take salsa at cal to an event to learn more advance moves that we can teach the community
Sales
Create sales strategies to sell clubs services and products. (E.g. tickets, shirts, private classes, etc)
Develop ideas to bring income to the club such us new products (pencils, cups, etc)
External Affairs
Find spaces for external events (paid events), fundraising events and team performances if necessary.
Instructor (name to be determine)
Keep record of all the club dance moves on video. 
Train members/staff on these moves.
Teach assistances the moves necessary for classes either in person or through videos.  
Make sure teacher and assistance are qualified to perform their duties.
Coordinate with instructors to approve all moves thought in classes.
Secretary
Organize and keep all club records 
Update Club bylaws
Check emails
Organize google drive
Schedule meetings and keep track of attendance
Other (task to be determine)
Legal aspects of the club




Main Board Members
President
Vice President
Operations
Logistics 
Marketing









Positions for Spring 2019

The goal for the spring 2019 is to slowly begging to implement the new position of the club. 

Operations- Fabiola 

Decal Directors- Emmanuel and Farah
Learn the process to run the decal from beginning to end and write it down. List all forms that need to be filled out and their due dates and give this info to the secretary. Review the syllabus and classes power points and redesign the content of the course if necessary.
Review the content of the goals second hour of class (physical activity) with instructors.
Develop goals and methods for testing the students.

OP Director- Georgann 
Develop a to-do list of things that need to be done by every OP director to run the class.
Develop a process for selecting instructors.
Review semester goals and syllabus with instructors.
Point of contact between Club and performance teams.
Organize and schedule private classes. Make a list of qualified instructors to teach specific levels. 

Event Directors – Vanessa and Sydney
Plan all events for the semester such as, Salsa on Sproul, Outside events, and club retreats. 
Develop a detail plan for Club retreats.
Organize at lest two Club retreats per semester.


Logistics – Ashley

Finance – Julieta and Dorrin
Inform the club how to handle our finances in accordance with the ASUC’s policies.
Create a new Venmo account in which the president, V.P. and Finance officer has access.
Develop monthly financial reports for the club
Handle all money transactions
Develop document that explains the duties for your position forms that must be filled out and due dates.

Internal Affairs – Khoi
Book all rooms within Cal 
Point of contact for salsa at cal for all school organization.
Develop document that contains how to book rooms and due dates. 
Develop position responsibilities and duties.

External Affairs – TBD

Secretary – Gregoria
Take club minutes of all meetings.
Organize club google drive and update club bylaws.
Gather information from every position to include in all bylaws
Redirect emails to the correct club member. 


Marketing – Christian

Publicity – Dua and Gabby
Develop a marketing plan for the semester
Make facebook and Instagram post.
Design all marketing materials
Work with the rest of the marketing team

Fundraising – McCalister
Develop was to raise money for the club
Work with the rest of the marketing team

Sales -	Sydney
Develop ways to sell our services.
Work with the rest of the marketing team

Dance Director – Astrid and Yazmin
Create and maintain a record of all club and team dance moves.
Recruit assistance and instructors
Make sure assistance and instructors are qualify to assist and teach. Provide them with all moves they must move to be qualified.

====================

File: /content/unzipped_files/Past Semesters/Fall 2017/F17 Board/Board Meetings/Meeting 1 08_24_2017.docx
Timestamp: 2025-08-17 01:07:06.547194
--------------------
Participants-
Leslie
Christian
Yakub
Dhruv
Tiffany
Bella
Stella
Leonor
Lakshika

Discussion-

Decal
Tiffany- in charge of decal and needs to be signatory (can view finances)
Instructions- Christian and Isabella- beginner instructors
Miguel and one chick- intermediate instructors
Stella- In charge of rooms
Switching to bigger room, Sociology department 
Currently reserved 242, 245 Hearst Gym rooms but they are small classrooms
Too small for Beginners decal
After 8pm- lectures can not be done
Dhruv- Event Services
Mary Kelsey- professor who is in charge of our club, faculty sponsor
Decal starting in two weeks 7-9pm, info session next week
Reserve Pauley ballroom for 5th and 12th september to give us time
Done in 25th November
50 people estimate
Stella- have 20 hours weekday class hours per semester
Decal Tuesdays starting 5th september

Stella- Book 220 Hearst- basketball court or other courts as dance practice 
Can switch around basketball courts for decal
Reserve rooms and cancel if it eats up to classroom hours
Contacting Hearst gym to give any of the 5 rooms for every tuesday 7-9pm

Leslie- have the deadlines for student assignments after workshop practices 
Danny- have Kathy Reyes do workshops in Berkeley and make it a fundraiser (charged)
Leslie- assistants for decal
Requirements for 1 unit-
2 hours per week-1 hour per dancing, 1 hour per lessons/office hour
4 hours of tabling per semester
2 hours for events

Instructors, Tiffany, Leslie, Isabel, Miguel must be present in the info session
Dhruv- DJ Dirty D
Operations duties-
Assigning tabling, make google spreadsheet
28-29th club tabling 10-2pm for info session
August 31st calapalooza- promote the club

First person who tables- print first copy from zee zee copy and then get photocopies from OFC 
Keep the original copy in the table so we can get photocopies
Stella- nice Salsa at Cal tapestry

Operations duties-
Google spreadsheet for tabling
Taking notes at board meetings
Responsibility for board members

External duties- Christian
ISCO disco- get involved
Team performance on campus as a fundraiser
Teach salsa for Fraternities date night events or co-ops- $50-100 per hour

Budget this year - 1200$ for the year
700$ from ASUC for on campus costs- printing costs, decorations, event venue costs
400$ on venmo

Leonor- 
Fundraisers- get sponsored by Taco Sinaloa
Sell Tamales in sproul

Bella- publicity

To do-
Tiffany- become signatory
Tiffany & Stella- request Hearst gym rooms on 9/11 at 12am when phase 2 starts
Look into getting bigger rooms, talk to Hearst Gym
Stella- Talk to ASUC to see if some rooms are considered classrooms or not
Yakub- make google form for interested assistants
Lakshika- create google spreadsheet for tabling
Bella- make flyers for info session black and white
50 copies

====================

File: /content/unzipped_files/Past Semesters/Fall 2017/F17 Board/Board Meetings/September 20th.docx
Timestamp: 2025-08-17 01:07:06.547194
--------------------
Attendance:
Leslie, Miguel, Tiffany, Bella, Christian, Lakshika, Yakub, Leonor, Dhruv

ANYONE WHO DID NOT ATTEND: READ THIS!!! 
AND SIGN HERE:
Stella

TO DO:
Get a quote from Stella’s T shirt company recommendation (Leonor)
Make Pre-order sign up and Tiffany- e-mail it to everyone (Leonor)
Look at CalLink for grants (Leonor)
Track attendance of enrolled assistants (Yakub)
Talk to The Marsh about doing a social/performance there (Christian)
Get Salsa At Cal instagram account details from Sara (Bella)

Official beginning time:
6.40pm

Tiffany
Two intermediate leads dropped
One beginner follower dropped
Talked to Mary Kelsey about showing movie El Cantante in decal and she approved
Leonor
Gave T-shirt logo to T-shirt company 
Get a quote from Stella’s T shirt company recommendation
At least $15 for t shirts (pre-order)
Leonor- Make Pre-order sign up and Tiffany- e-mail it to everyone
All board members will buy and strongly encourage decal students
Dhruv
Leonor-Look at CalLink for grants
Maybe buy speakers with wheels from Costco for decal
Leslie
We need to look into fundraisers
Football games seem to be too much of a commitment
Yakub
Wait till drop deadline to see who is enrolled
Track attendance of enrolled assistants
Christian
Talk to The Marsh about doing a social/performance there
Bella
Salsa website is running again: https://salsaatcal.berkeley.edu/
Get Salsa At Cal instagram account details from Sara
Leslie
October 27th Team Fundraiser- all board members save the date (possible performance)
Salsa team is performing at Nuestrapalooza this friday
Possible salsa lesson at Nuestrapalooza
Tiffany-
Get speakers from Danny for this week’s OP- Danny does not have access to Hearst Gym

====================

File: /content/unzipped_files/Past Semesters/Spring 2024/Board Meetings/Board meeting 01_29.docx
Timestamp: 2025-08-17 01:07:06.547194
--------------------
Board meeting 01/29

Need a Sals-sistant application

Interviews to increase our club
Obtain chairs/ Executive Team
Executive - Presidency & VP
Finance chair - Budgeting/ philanthropy/ Fundraising
Media & Marketing - social media/ video & photos/ Merch
Internal affairs - (signatory/ Admin/ secretary/ Tech
External Affairs - community engagement/ instruction/ outreach
Performance Chair - performers/ choreographers/ 

Sub groups
Marketing - 
Media - 
Historian - 
Vice president - 
Secretary - 
Performance - 
Finance - 
Outreach - answers emails
Sals-sitant
Open apps 
Commitment times should be mentioned

Chairs can conduct interviews to make teams
Commitment times

====================

File: /content/unzipped_files/Spring 2025/Fundraisers/Salsa at Cal Esquites.docx
Timestamp: 2025-08-17 01:07:06.548194
--------------------
Salsa at Cal Esquites 
Ingredients/Allergens

Ingredients:
Corn 
Mayonnaise
Cotija cheese 
Hot cheetos 

Allergens: 
Dairy
Eggs

====================

File: /content/unzipped_files/Past Semesters/Spring 2024/Board Meetings/Board Meeting_ Action Items.docx
Timestamp: 2025-08-17 01:07:06.553195
--------------------
EXECUTIVE
DeCal Sponsorship
Discounted tickets for Bachata Nightz
DeCal OH Space
Final Performance Room Booking  
ASUC Budget Allocations (needs to be completed by a signatory) 

EXTERNAL 
Suggested Action Items
Update your team on what potential collaborations are coming up. 
What do they think? Any insight to offer? 
Start creating checklists of what would be needed for each upcoming collaboration (ex: Salsistants? Transportation? Costumes? Performance? Speaker?) and reach out to relevant committees for support
Ex: El Mercadito Logistics 
What are we selling? (Brainstorm with all Committees), once decided, 
Prices & Fundraising Logistics? (Reach out → Fundraising)
Who is gonna buy the products we need? 
Who is gonna transport our products to the vending site? 
Day of Logistics? Who is taking shifts? (Reach out → All) 
What do we need to promote our product? (Reach out → Marketing) 
**You can choose to borrow someone from Internal to write this list down during the meeting, or compile it yourselves and then have them oversee its progress after-the-fact since this task is largely internal in nature. Just communicate obligations clearly so there’s no confusion as to who is responsible for doing what. **

Thoughts 
It’ll be vital for your team members to have excellent communication with other Committees + the outside world since much of your job consists of communicating what requests we have; and what we need from each committee to make our events successful. Make sure your team members are aware of this & not afraid to reach out for support when needed!!
Get to know your team. They may have connections, knowledge, and/or networking skills that could benefit the club! 


INTERNAL 
Priority Action Items 
ASSIGN A HISTORIAN AND TAKE NOTES OF MEETING IN REAL TIME!!! 
Once notes are completed, can link to useful links doc
Assist (potentially) in adding new members to shared docs during meeting 
Have a Historian work closely with External to create checklists of what is needed for future collaborations. 
Once External passes this information onto the Club, it is essentially an Internal Operation, meaning Internal should keep track of these checklists and their progress.  
Discuss with your team how to divide Internal responsibilities, give them run-down 
Share IG/email account information as necessary 
Create Templates for quick response
Make sure your team knows how to maintain a cordial tone through written communication. Salsa at Cal is positive & polite, in person & through our communication channels :) 
Talk with your team, be open to suggestions of how to have more efficient organization!! 
Side note: Tristan has taken the responsibility to send out Google Calendar invites as an Executive Member. Since this also kind of overlaps with Internal responsibilities just check in periodically to see if there’s anything he needs help with! 















FINANCE
Priority Action Items 
MIF FUND
Has Finance completed the necessary steps (sent to us by Samantha) to release our Salsa Prom Funds? Do you need any support with this? 
 Everything having to do with the financial logistics of the event.
Ticket pricing? 
Have you scheduled a check-in with Samantha? Do you need other Committee Chairs present? 
Decorations? 

ASUC BUDGET ALLOCATIONS
Work with signatories to get necessary paperwork done by deadlines. 
Who is assigned to this task? 

BIG GIVE 
What do we need to do?
 What other Committees do you need support from? I would need support from everyone who has time to just hangout and dance. 
Marketing: I had an idea about going live on insta and using the big give# that was created. Or doing a Big Give Post for 
Internal Affairs: committee can come in from time to time to answer questions (if we go live on insta. I can also add a link to where people can donate through the big give website.
Performance: if you want to perform something, that would be cool , if we go live. 

EL MERCADITO FUNDRAISER
Lead discussion around what product we should sell at this semester’s Mercadito. 
Chair can assign its members to come up with ideas by a certain deadline.
 
PERFORMANCE FEES 
(**work closely with Performance for this, and present to the Board for feedback when ready**). 
Work with your committee to help draft performance cost policy. 
When do we charge and when do we not? Does it depend on the nature of the event (ex: a charity event versus a private gala?) 
Are we charging per minute? Per number of pairs? Per dance styles included?
What do other dance groups charge for performances? Could be useful to research for comparison. 

Once completed, share with Internal so they can add to the Linktree. 


MARKETING
List of potential material/media we already have to make social media content (Marketing Team has creative freedom and these are just suggestions, but this content is currently not being put to use)
Salsaween Content: Tristan created a shared album of content from last semester’s Salsaween. Should be added to the Salsa at Cal drive and used to make a reel, TikTok, promotional content, etc…
El Mercadito Content: Good quality video of Giselle’s solo exists + performance group picture. Could be used to promote Salsa at Cal’s participation in the upcoming Mercadito. 
Salsa Tropi-Cal Content: This exists and is in the Drive! Doesn’t hurt to check out. 

Suggested Action Items (up to Marketing how you want to prioritize these): 
Alana & Esteban Partnership
They have spammed Milena’s personal DM (she has not opened it) and they have sent multiple messages to Salsa at Cal DM. 
Should speak with other Committees to get input on how to negotiate this partnership. *Keep in mind they have given past free classes to DeCal; served as judges at Final Performances; and their standing in the Bay Area social dancing community when deciding what course to take.  
Board Spotlight Posts but make them Salsa at Cal – we have never been basic so our spotlights shouldn’t be either! 
Begin brainstorming Salsa Prom promotional content
Salsa Story Time Sunday’s? 
History & Culture of Salsa Dance Content (aka informational resources) – could be a highlight on our Instagram??
MORE DANCE CONTENT IN GENERAL 
Milena is sure our following just wants to see us dance! Our dancing content on Instagram has (ironically) declined!!
Can work with Performance Team to film short videos; DeCal videos; casual OH videos; possibilities are endless :D

PERFORMANCE
Priority Tasks 
Set up communication set up: message 
Decide on alternatives times to meet to practice 
Let them know that class with Xavier is mandatory for Performers
If haven’t done already, check email for list of all potential future performance bookings 

Suggested Action Items/Talking Points
Brainstorm some basic performance routines that could be filmed for social media
Get to know your team & their dance levels
Is someone interested (& capable) of performing a solo? Do they all know salsa rueda? Have they ever been on a stage before? 
Explain the differences between social dancing and performing. Introduce some basic ideas of how to carry oneself on-stage, ie stage presence (smiling, forming a connection with the audience, having a strong frame [no sloppy arms, etc])... 
How will you introduce and practice stage presence with your team? Will you incorporate warm-ups where they can practice improving their frame? Their technique? 
***You don’t have to address all of this at the first meeting. These are just things you COULD think about**

====================

File: /content/unzipped_files/Past Semesters/Fall 2018/Director of Operations/Board Meeting Notes/9_10.docx
Timestamp: 2025-08-17 01:07:06.554195
--------------------
Absent:



Decal
Still people on waitlist
Probably have 4 more spaces in class than expected
Unit deadline 1/12
Instructors/Assistants need to spend the same amount of hours as students on the DeCal
1st hour of class for assistants reallocated to tabling

Khoi and Ashley going to signatory meeting
Signatories: Alie, Ashley, Khoi, Dorrin, Georgeann

OP
Feedback: Good - turnout, instructors, engagement
Bad - speakers
Changes?
1 shine a week
Intermediate OP next semester?
People can dedicate their own time during the social to teach intermediate this semester
Making lesson longer
1h30m lesson & 30m social
External
Gios event 9/21 Fri
Flyers - Dua & Yazmin
If we increase promotion we can get more $$
DJ for Gios
DJ Migz
DJ Criss Cross 

We need to table next week

====================

File: /content/unzipped_files/Past Semesters/Fall 2018/Director of Operations/Board Meeting Notes/Salsa at Cal board meeting notes.docx
Timestamp: 2025-08-17 01:07:06.554195
--------------------
ELECTIONS! (12/03)
Thank you for voting!

SPRING 2019 BOARD RESULTS:

Position Openings:
Assistant director
Director of operations
Director of events (2)
Director of fundraising and sales (2)
Assistant Openings:
Decal director
Publicity

NEW People: 
Sydney Garcia
Sydney Holgado
McCalister Russell
Astrid Quirarte
Farah Mardini
Vanessa Suarez
Gregoria Milensifer
Gabby Cheung

POTENTIAL INSTRUCTORS:
Beg. DECAL:
Leads: Jared
Follows: Ashley, Alie, Georgann 
Int. DECAL:
Leads: Javi / Emmanuel
Follows: Fabi
OP:
Leads:
Follows:

Notes from 12th meeting (11/26)

Gio’s Event for this month:
By majority of vote, we decided this will not be happening. 

BOARD Spring ‘19:
Staying: Khoi, Emmanuel, Alie, Dua, Allena, Julieta, Ashley, Fabi, Yazmin, Georgann, Dorrin 
11 TOTAL
Leaving: Celeste, Kevin, Rita
Undecided: Christian
Recruitment for External Affairs position.
Elections next week.
Recruit freshmen!
Provide a blurb for each board position.
ROLES: check out the constitution: https://drive.google.com/drive/u/2/folders/0B42DQyBt8ra4QTE1d0V1TWJIWHc
President
Vice President
Decal Director
Open Práctica Director
Music Director
Assistant Director
Director of Operations
Director of Internal Affairs
Director of External Affairs
Director of Finance
Director of Fundraising** - new position, was written on the constitution
Director of Publicity
Trip planner** - new position, proposed by Christian
Let’s organize teachers before next semester

WHEN ANNOUNCING ELECTIONS:
No guarantee that you’ll get a position
GUARANTEED POSITIONS:
Potentially, @Kevin proposes: Board members are guaranteed a board position for 2 consecutive semesters, after which they may be voted off. 

DECAL:
Performances tomorrow!
Intermediate Room:
Talk to Hearst so that we are not penalized (!!! important)

ABSENT PEOPLE, please INITIAL once you have read this:



Notes from 11th meeting (11/05)

INTERNAL:
Rueda = last week of OP (@Erick)

ALLENA is HERE! YAY! OP:
Last 3 weeks OP = Salsa!
Style, shines
Allena will be teaching first half of class -- Shines
Second half -- transition combo into shines

EXTERNAL:
Nov. 30 at Gio’s - Confirmed
Last bash!
Theme: Masquerade + Winter Ball
Decorations: buy cheap masks (Amazon, dollar store)
Something like this: https://www.amazon.com/Kidsco-Metallic-Half-Mask-Masquerade/dp/B0733P26LW/ref=sr_1_1?s=apparel&ie=UTF8&qid=1541474641&sr=1-1&nodeID=7141123011&psd=1&keywords=paper+masquerade+mask&refinements=p_89%3AKidsco&dpID=51kR24IZoqL&preST=_SY300_QL70_&dpSrc=srch MAYBE?
But Board gets cool masks!
Also: we need to buy bracelets - through amazon - cheaper!
Something like this: 
https://www.amazon.com/Wristco-Neon-Blue-Tyvek-Wristbands/dp/B004TAQZAQ/ref=sr_1_2_sspa?ie=UTF8&qid=1541475432&sr=8-2-spons&keywords=pAPER+wristband&psc=1
Talk w. DJ KRISS KROSS

PUBLICITY:
Start working on Gio’s event!
We want something to present to Sonia (ask @Rita)

ASSISTANT DIRECTORS:
Reach out to your assistants (mostly the ones who haven’t been doing much) to have them help out with this event
Set up
Assisting 

DECAL:
Tuesday of thanksgiving = not normal class (open office hours instead)
Optional, but there will be cookies!
Send e-mail to decal students!
Last lecture = performance technique

RETREAT:
BOOKED: Nov. 10-12, Tahoe
MONEY:
House = ~ $1,250 (14-18 ppl)
DO WE WANT SALSA AT CAL $$ TO FUND OUR TRIP? (~$60 - ~$120 per/person); Total = $1,200-1,500
This money would go to: Housing; general groceries (not eating-out food); alcohol
Non-board members would pay their own share.
Suggestions:
California burger!
Mexican locale
Activities: Nature
@Christian will be posting final info. tonight.
Please respond/confirm
@Christian make sure about any DIETARY restrictions

ABSENT PEOPLE, please INITIAL once you have read this:



Notes from 10th meeting (10/29)

FINANCE:
What to spend our money on? (700$ in ASUC fund)
Cart
Speaker
Portable charger
Cables
Stickers?
More T-shirts
Profit/Loss chart for Gio’s 
Spent more 
$80+ 
Wristbands are expensive -- let’s buy through amazon next time.
Made less
$875 (vs. $1,245)

INTERNAL AFFAIRS:
Rueda workshop (w. Erick)
Hearst: Friday, Nov. 30 --- 8:30pm = earliest time available
****

EXTERNAL AFFAIRS:
Next Gio’s Event
11/16 or 11/30 (?) - @Rita please confirm w. Gio’s
@Rita - confirm w. DJ Kriss Kross
Salsa lesson
DJ - talk to him about music choice (...)
THEME IDEAS?
Masquerade
Color (wear red)
Winter ball

ASSISTANTS:
Good attendance
Participation at events
Mandatory for DeCal (unit)

SIDE NOTES:
We have t-shirts! (17)
7L / 4M / 6S
@boardmembers we should all have t-shirts! (VENMO $10 with you size)

DECAL:
We have our Official room assignment for next sem. (same as this sem.)
Change timing to have Office Hours
Tomorrow: Bachata!
Same instructors
@Fabi - giving lecture tomorrow 
If anyone wants to join her let her know!
Email going out tomorrow about 2nd assignment

RETREAT:
Weekend of Nov.10/11
Monday (10/12) = holiday// no class
Kathy photoshoot (...)
Tiff figuring out the details
Open to suggestions! Let us know!


ABSENT PEOPLE, please INITIAL once you have read this:






Notes from 9th meeting (10/22)

WORKING DOOR SHIFT AT GIO’s:
Sonia offered to pay 2 people this Saturday 
9:00 - 1:30
How much $?

GIO’s:



People trying to finesse!
Weird people
Music not great
People leaving
Little salsa
Too much modern music
Too much waiting around for good music
New Gio’s management = messy 
Anastasia - doesn’t really know how the things work out
Only gave us 12 drink tix
Talk to Xin? (We need compensation)
Layout change
We need compensation! 
Low cash amount this time?
BEYOND GIO’s
Maybe look for another space? (@Rita)
But still partner with Gio’s
Dance with the DJ!!!!

PAYMENT TO XAVIER (for teaching):
$50
Ubers costs

DECAL:
DISCUSSION PORTION:
Next decal: Gender roles
Mary Kelsey can’t come tomorrow
Show TED talk
Discussion
Educate about CONSENT
Conversation/panel
@Board Members - try to make it to second half of discussion section (~7:30) to talk about experiences
DANCE PORTION:
Switch Roles for some of class
(Warm ups)
Alejandro
Splitting beg. & int.?

SOS:
No availability in Nov.
Perhaps to avoid this, NEXT SEM: create a ‘master schedule’ at the beginning of class 

ERICK:
Erick B offered to come and teach rueda!
Workshop?
OP? - not preferably 
SOS? 
@Khoi look for places

OP:
Where the hell is Allena?

@All Board Members - let Christian know if you are interested in staying on board next sem. 
ABSENT PEOPLE, please INITIAL once you have read this:






Notes from 8th meeting (10/15)

SOS:
Next one: 11/09 (Please make Sproul Reservation, @Khoi)

FINANCE:
Check for lessons:
Write check out to: ASUC/SalsaAtCal
Apply in feb. for funding
Perhaps @Dorrin will train next person interested in taking over Finance
July 1st: Re-register
Let’s spend $ so it doesn’t go to waste in ASUC account
Maybe dance floor?

DECAL:
Thanksgiving week
@Georgann will be holding office hours (instead of class)
Not mandatory to be there
@Intermediate instructors - partner people up for performance!
Proposal (for next sem’s decal) was sent out today!
Tomorrow’s Decal:
Rueda! For 2 weeks?
@Alejandro
@Miguel - does he want to combine classes? (@Christian - ask him)
Lecture for Last week is unplanned. Ideas for what lectures: 
Board Q & A
Performance techniques as a way of life

GIO’s:
Tabling
More people NEED to sign up!
Get on assistant’s butts (@Emmanuel)
@BoardMembers need to sign up tonight to send sheet to DeCal students
Performance? 
Not enough space in Gio’s.
Final decision: Not happening.
Raffle?
Gift basket: something to do with fall (?) + t-shirt + salsa-related + private dance lesson?
Headphones?
Amazon gift card?
Next SalsaAtCal event - on us?
How will this incentivize people to buy their ticket EARLY BIRD? 
Decorations? @Rita
Fake leaves
Gold sparkly stuff
Balloons
Same deal for $$$
DJ Kriss Kross - not answering about bringing his own speakers
So let’s decide we are in charge of bringing them
LESSON: WHO WILL BE TEACHING? (@Christian - figure it out)
Georgann?
ASSISTANTS would be great! -  (plus they get assistant hours)
Let’s start ON TIME this time.
Set up time: 8:00pm
SIGN UP for event shifts!
PUBLICITY:
GREAT JOB (we love the fb posts) but….
It is important that at least one of you guys (@Yazmin / @Dua) are here (at board meeting) PLEASE!

OP:
@Allena - Make Announcement that we are switching to Bachata series

ABSENT PEOPLE, please INITIAL once you have read this:





Notes from 7th meeting (10/08)

DECAL:
Form for decal next semester:
2 people needed to be listed on form: Fabi/Christian + Alie/Georgann
Gender roles lecture switched to next week
Tomorrow’s lecture: salsa artists/history of salsa
Announce S.O.S. this Tues!

TABLING:
This Wed & Thurs.
Decal students can only sign up in slots that at least 1 Board member has signed up on
@BoardMembers: TABLING sign up due tomorrow before decal.
So that Decal members can sign up in slots that we will be in.

SOS:
Set up Fri at 4:30
@BoardMembes - please confirm with @Khoi who is going to help?
Do we need a “Safety form”? @Khoi please figure out

NEXT SOCIAL:
Fri 19th, Gio’s  -  has been confirmed!
DJ Kriss Kross available
Fall Fiesta!!!
@Dua @Yazmin - Start advertising!!
Flyers! (if possible, sometime later this week)	
Include, in BIGGER letters:
VENMO
Facebook/Instagram
Same pricing ($12 presale, $15 day of and at door)
@Georgann - figure out about potential performance

OP/ALLENA:
Wya
Come to board meetings! We want your input!
@Christian is going to talk with OP instructors - Feedback.

NEW EMAIL:
For salsa at cal Team
(team videos will be transferred here to free up space)
Info:
Email: salsaatcalteam@gmail.com
Pwd: s@ls@2018

OTHER:
@Alie proposed- making a document where we outline all our positions. 
Or Update the old (2013) one
@Dua proposed- getting a life-size head cut out print
Raffles
Using Donations- We are a nonprofit


ABSENT PEOPLE, please INITIAL once you have read this:



Notes from 6th meeting (10/01)

ATTENDANCE:
Present:
Fabi
Alie
Dorrin
Khoi
Christian
Julieta
Ashley
Absent:
Allena
Dua
Emmanuel
Georgann
Kevin
Rita
Yazmin
Please Communicate if you will not be coming - with TIME. 
NEW RULE: If you can’t make it:
Read through notes, and sign off with your initials at bottom of page.
If you have questions about the notes, ask Julieta
Please do this this week. 

DECAL:
Next Decal: Watch 2nd half of movie
@Alie / @Georgann: Contact Mary Kelsey - for gender role lecture.
Decal Proposal: due Mid. October
@Georgann - Beginner decal already learning bachata 
We’d like to hear your plan!
MOVING FORWARD: Go back to Salsa or stay back?
BOARD’s OPINION as discussed today:
Last week was an intro to Bachata! (So you can now go out and know what you are doing!)
But, NOW: we will go back and hammer down Salsa!!
On another note: Good job communicating with your students during Office hours
Board input on structure of decal class:
Emphasize basics
Make sure beginners know basics before moving on.
Maybe test them?
Pre-approved lesson plan
Weekly 
Match instruction to exposure
Salsa is harder ← needs to be taught longer?
Intermediate - filter better
Make ‘test’ more formal/systematic?

S.O.S:
Confirmed: Fri, 10/12 (5-8pm)
Music after 5pm
Lesson: 5-6pm
Social: 7-8pm
Instructors:
@Ashley
@Christian
Advertising! @Dua @Yazmin
This week: ONLINE
Next week: TABLING!
(We don’t need flyers for SOS)
(moderate)

Pauley Ballroom:
Do we want it next year?
Valentines day? (Fri, feb. 15)
Cost? Please find out the cost @Khoi 

GIO’s:
10/26 booked.
Josephine gone
Joint event?
What kind of music?
How will revenue be split?
(We aren’t feeling great about this…)
@Rita - Let’s shoot for the weekend after (11/02)
Día de los muertos event? (Instead of Halloween theme)
Ashkenaz? (if Gio’s occupied) 
Let’s ask for more $$$!
Keep pre-sale
But SPLIT door sales

ASSISTANTS:
@Emmanuel - TAKE ACTION. Assistants need to know what is expected of them. And we need to keep track of their attendance.
Maybe create a doc. briefing what assistants need to do.
Board discussed THIS IDEA at the meeting: 
1hr/week required of them ADDITIONAL to the Tuesday 8-9pm decal. This can be used either before the decal (to learn the moves that they will be assisting to teach) OR to TABLE. 

ABSENT PEOPLE, please INITIAL once you have read this:




Notes from 5th meeting (9/24)

GIO’s:
General IMPROVEMENTS for next time:
Lesson
Start sooner
Microphone
More structured
Wristband to ALL for entrance (along w. Xs on hands & 21+ wristbands)
Start moving tables at 8:30
Red beads good
Advertise OP!
Picture Policy - Note at the door.
ADVERTISEMENT improvements (@Dua @Yazmin):
On FLYERS: Always include FB + IG
On FB EVENTS: Include links for dance learning videos
Careful w. Advertising just SALSA -- (we also do other latin dance)
Ends at 1:30 (Not 2!)
Include: No Refunds/All Sales are Final
NUMBERS:
SALES REVENUE: $1,454
LOSS: $208
GROSS PROFIT: $1,245.57

DeCal:
Can’t access movie -- Figure this out! 
Maybe torrent? @Rita
After hours access:
Apply please! (@Georgann, Khoi (done), Julieta, Fabi)
To apply for AFTER HOUR ACCESS to the CAGES:
- sign in on callink, then click on FORMS. fill out this one: 
2018-2019 ASUC Student Union: Practice & Performance, Office and Assigned Space Access

Upcoming Events:
SOS - 10/12
@khoi - make reservation! 
Savio Steps 
Set up 4:30pm
Starts at 5 (lesson 5-6)
Ends at 8
Details/Advertisement begin next Monday
Salsaween @ Gio’s - 10/26
@rita - confirm w. Gio’s 
Retreat (2)
1) smaller (afternoon) retreat 
BBQ? Lake? Pool? Strawberry Canyon? Tilden?
Ideas in our fb pg 
@Julieta - Make a poll
2) bigger (weekend) retreat
When are people available?
@Julieta - Doodle/when-to-meet
Notes from 4th meeting (9/17)

DECAL:
Other board members: sign up to give lectures at decal! 
@Allie: Update decal people on tabling
Incentive = discount for Gio’s! (8$)
@Julieta: update spreadsheet to include this discount

OP:
70s/80s theme
Song remixes
Assistants
Membership (“OP club”)
@Emmanuel/@Kevin --- send e-mail - to make sure people are committed!
MICROPHONE?

ROCHDALE:
Great opportunity for new people to teach! Sign up!!!!
400$ for 4 weekends!
Where is the money going? 
Ask for CHECK! @Christian
Deposit @ LEAD center

GIO’s:
Gio’s meeting -- increasing 30% - 50% ← potentially more
SO WE NEED TO ADVERTISE!!!
DJ payment
$130
WE are paying (this time…)
Salsa theme!!!
Decorations! @Rita? @Dua @Yazmin
Balloons
String
Tape
DJ has own equipment
Wristbands??????
Do we have enough?
How to keep record of who comes? (21+ v. the rest)?
Ticketers KEEP A TALLY (paper + pen)
Performance?
Next time!
Keep in contact with them! @Georgann
Spreadsheet for setup @Dorrin
Accountability

- Tabling -- as a position 
Director of Operations! @Julieta
- Pauley Ballroom?
Dhruv and Stella

ADVERTISING:
Facebook
Instagram --- promote (!!!) 
Tabling
Decal
Follow, like!
Table!

NUESTRAPALLOOZA
Opportunities for collaboration
Workshop/Lesson @ Nuestrapallooza - 6-10pm 
Lower Sproul
@Kevin
@members: Sign up to participate! 

TABLING:
Flyers by 10pm
@Rita print flyers
Let’s Print a sign with our VENMO!
Get our DECAL students in !!!!!!
If someone wants to pay in cash---they pay you in CASH---and then YOU VENMO @Salsaatcal with their first and last name!
	

https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1gBxdzqFZmomKKijF_vNnw372HWIFaSZarqoS8azFHF4/edit?usp=sharing

https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1qifnmyXpHNhvNgimDzFGENWmfH8d_ME_5ak0YOLvdCw/edit?usp=sharing

SUMMARY OF INDIVIDUAL RESPONSIBILITIES:

DECAL COORDINATORS (@Allie/@Georgann): Take action to encourage decal people to sign up for tabling - (the benefit: 8$ tix to Gio’s)

ASSISTANT COORDINATORS (@Emmanuel/@Kevin): Ensure that assistants are committed and know what is expected of them - (send your assistants an email)

CO-PREZi (@Christian) - ask for check when we are done with the Rochdale series.

EXTERNAL AFFAIRS/PUBLICITY/ALL (@Rita @Dua @Yazmin) - Decorations for Gio’s! (Balloons, String, Tape)

@Georgann - e-mail performers...sorry, not this time. BUT- maybe next time? :)

@Dorrin - spreadsheet for Gio’s setup

Director of Operations! @Julieta - new job: in charge of organizing Tabling!

@Kevin - on top of NUESTRAPALLOOZA

@Rita - print flyers tomorrow

PUBLICITY (@Dua @Yazmin) - IMPORTANT (!) PLEASE INCREASE ADVERTISEMENT before Gio’s!!! 



Notes from 3rd meeting (9/10)

Decal
Still people on waitlist
Probably have 4 more spaces in class than expected
Unit deadline 1/12
Instructors/Assistants need to spend the same amount of hours as students on the DeCal
1st hour of class for assistants reallocated to tabling

Khoi and Ashley going to signatory meeting
Signatories: Alie, Ashley, Khoi, Dorrin, Georgeann

OP
Feedback: Good - turnout, instructors, engagement
Bad - speakers
Changes?
1 shine a week
Intermediate OP next semester?
People can dedicate their own time during the social to teach intermediate this semester
Making lesson longer
1h30m lesson & 30m social
External
Gios event 9/21 Fri
Flyers - Dua & Yazmin
If we increase promotion we can get more $$
DJ for Gios
DJ Migz
DJ Criss Cross 

We need to table next week




Notes from 2nd meeting (8/30)

INSTRUCTORS: (need to confirm!!)
Beg. Decal:
Georgann
Jared
Interm. Decal:
Fabi
Miguel
OP:
Javi/Danny
Giselle

ASSISTANTS:
-Interested board members:
-Rita (~sometimes)
-Julieta (committed) 
-Yazmin (committed)
-Kevin (committed)
- @Emmanuel please confirm who is committed full and who is a sometimes-person.**  Pass this list on to the instructors.
	- sometimes-assistants: teach beg. decal
	- committed-assistants: teach interm. decal
- Figure out logistics for ENROLLING as an ASSISTANT (!)

ROOM RESERVATIONS:
245 (smaller) 	- 6-8
251 - beg. 	- 7:15-9
242 (bigger) 	- 8-10
228 - int.	- 8-9	&	- 7-9 Th. for OP
WE DON’T HAVE THIS DATE RESERVED FOR 1 day on Nov. ******
→ try to switch--contact Rebecca

DECAL APPLICATIONS:
-Meet on Sunday - to review apps.
	- notify instructors
	- @miguel?
-Release responses by Monday

OUTSIDE SOCIALS: @rita
-Communicate w. GIO’s !
-Allegros? Ashkenaz? (Contact Kathy) Cornerstone? 
-NOT PAPPY’s
-DATES: 
9/21,  - GIO’s
10/27 - Pauley Ballroom reservation? - confirm
ALSO, reserve Pauley Ballroom for NEXT YEAR. 
11/16 - GIO’s
→ DJs NEEDED (!)

INTERNAL SOCIALS: @khoi
-Pauley Ballroom (confirm Salsaween date that we booked last year - 10/27 ?? )
	- ALSO, reserve Pauley Ballroom for NEXT YEAR. 
	- SOS:
- 10/15
		- 11/12

CLUB REFORMS:
-table
-interns: trained
-chair:
-recruitment
-list for each position for improvement
-clean up salsaatcal account--google photos? Youtube?
-signatory orientation!!!




Notes from 1st meeting (8/23)

REMINDER, sign up for signatory!
@Alie
@Allena
@Christian

Rooms already reserved: 
Heart 251 -  (Tues. 7:15-9) - for: Decal beg.
classroom 242 -  (Tues. 8-10) - for: Decal interm./Off. Hours 
and classroom 245 -  (Tues. 6-8) - for: DeCal lecture

Reservations needed for Open Practica!
eshelman*
outside spaces?
pauley ballroom?
ihouse?
parking lot?

DECAL (Timeline):
Tabling
****Sign up for tabling on spreadsheet!!!  -  4 different dates this upcoming week:
Mon(27)/Tues(28)/Wed(29) 
@Christian - set-up at 8am ***let him know if you want to help!!!!
Calapalooza - (Th., 8/30, 2-7)
*Someone needs to be there by 2:30 or we will lose our table spot!
Infographics (flyers, etc.) needed!
To Advertise for: 
Info Session  (needed on Mon/Tues tabling)
General Salsa@Cal  (needed on Wed tabling/Calapalooza)
Info Session
Tues (08/28) @ 7-8  &  8-9 
@ Reserved rooms (Classroom 245 / 242)
We need to update powerpoint (post more recent pics/vids)
Decal / OP / Performance Team / Socials
Decal app. deadline: Sat. (9/1) @ midnight
We will send out responses by: Sun/Mon

POSTERS/POSTS on FB:
one for info session
one (general) for calapalooza


INSTRUCTORS: (potentially)
Beg. Decal:
Georgann
Jared?
Interm. Decal:
Stella
Javi
OP:
Danny
Fabi

OTHER THINGS WE TALKED ABOUT:
*Instagram! - lets get on ittt
*Form for consent to be photographed
*Assistants - 2 types:
Casual chill - come whenever they want to help out!
Are getting Units - more required from these; e.g. tabling/attendance required, etc.
*Performance team: W 8-10 

Things to talk about NEXT MEETING: (next thurs. (30) @ 7-8) ← Need to reserve a room (!)
Board bonding!!!!!!
Socials


Club/Membership Brainstorm
Pay a fee and get a shirt? Then they help w organizing

====================

File: /content/unzipped_files/Past Events/Flyers/Open Practica Flyers.docx
Timestamp: 2025-08-17 01:07:06.559195
--------------------